It's nice to have Google to search for materials when on needs to prepare for a test or to write a research paper. But sometimes the outside world has more than one needs. And sometimes a system of education can be so poorly designed that achievement is awarded to those who appease to the rules instead of those who produce meaningful work. My client, an IB psychology teacher, needs such this program to help her students by organising the psychology papers through a tag system. In this short video, my dearest examiner (on whom my career totally depends), I am going to take you through the usage of the program that makes it valuable, and run some tests to show you the success criteria that gives me grades.

I have preloaded some papers into the database. I can see the title of the paper, a short description that the teacher chooses, and the associated tags. If I click into one of them, it will open a PDF, served from an S3 container. If I log in, I can bookmark my favourite papers, and I can browser them. The data is persistent. Clearing browser data and logging in has no effect.

I will promote myself to an "editor" with server backdoor to show you more functions.

Now additionally, I can edit the tags. (opens Drury) "biology" doesn't seem to be a correct tag, so I will delete it. Maybe I should add "Cultrual origins of behavior and cognition" to the tag as well. Now I will save it.

I can also upload new paper.

I can also edit the tags

INFO:

TITLE: Dyadic Participatory Learning (2004)
DESCRIPTION: The following study is another example of how cultural traditions are enculturated. This study is a good study to expand on and contrast with the study by Odden and Rochat (2004) in the textbook.

TAGS: sociological, the last three

I will search for it. I want a paper on Learning published in 2004, with the tag os socialogial, and cultrual influence on behavior

Now I will promote myself

Now going through the test plan:
I will make an empty PDF and upload it. It catches the error and outputs a useful message.

These are the error handler pages, this will invoke a server error, and the error page is nicely formatted, and 404 page is as well

I will zoom in. You will see that it works on a small screen, although the navigation bat doesn't shrink. This will be an extension.

The page is encrypted in transit.

Since I used signin with Google, no password was needed to be stored in the database.

Now I will show you some abnormal and extreme input

Starting with leaving fields empty. If you leave field in the upload paper form empty, it will not let you submit the form.

If you leave field in the tags section empty, it will warn you, and if you make an empty tag, it will simply just not register from the server. If you add something with the same name, it will be merged, special logic makes sure that the program doesn't crash.

Because the Django is a request-based framework, not matter how fast I click a button, nothing will crash as long as it doesn't overload the server.

For security, request to connected to the server through HTTP will be automatically redirected to HTTPS.

The log in will fail if the user does not accept third party cookie. It will also fail if the browser does not run Javascript. But both of these scenarios are not a concern because a lot of other website fail under the same circumstances.
